README.md, before:

# Worth a Trip

![Welcome to Worth a Trip](documentation/images/home.png)

Worth a trip is  a free social networking platform designed for travel lovers. Users can share lovely places worth a trip by posting photo, location and tips. 

The application consists of the React app and an API. 

Welcome to the React front end project section: 

- Link to deployed site: [Worth a Trip](https://worthatrip-7e9740dd013b.herokuapp.com/)
- Link to the repository: [Repository Frontend](https://github.com/luandretta/worth-a-trip-frontend)

Links to the Backend:
- [Repository Backend](https://github.com/luandretta/worth-a-trip-drf)
- [Live Backend](https://worthatrip-7e9740dd013b.herokuapp.com)

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/luandretta/worth-a-trip-drf?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/luandretta/worth-a-trip-drf?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/luandretta/worth-a-trip-drf?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/luandretta/worth-a-trip-drf?style=for-the-badge)


# User Experience

## Project Goals 

The goal of this project was to build a social media platform. It has been designed for its users to share their trips and discover exciting places worth a trip.

## Agile

The Agile Tool was used to help to organize and prioritize the tasks using Project Boards on GitHub.


## User Stories

| Category  | as| I want to | so that I can | UI components  | MoSCow |
| --------- | ------- | -------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------ | --------- |
| auth | user| register for an account | have a personal profile with a picture| SignUpForm<br>ProfilePage<br>ProfileEditForm | Must Have |
| auth | user | register for an account  | create, like and comment on posts | Post<br>PostPage<br>Comment | Must Have |
| auth | user    | register for an account | follow users | Profile<br>ProfilePage| Must Have |

# Design 

## Colour Scheme

## Typography

## Imagery

## Wireframes

# Features

## Pages

## Future implementations

## Accessibility

## Detailed page and component breakdown:

**Components map**

## Most reused components

# Deployment steps

# Tests

# Libraries, contexts and hooks:

- React Bootstrap - ![React-bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap-v4.netlify.app/)

The most popular front-end framework, as one of the oldest React libraries, React-Bootstrap has evolved and grown alongside React, making it an excellent choice as the UI foundation. Each component is implemented with accessibility in mind. The result is a set of accessible-by-default components.

- React Router 
To control what the user sees depending on the URL they have accessed in the browser.

- Axios
To tell the React project to send requests to the API 



# Credits

## Code

## Acknowledgments



![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)

Commit message:

Fix: placeholder from password input in the SignIn form
A comma was removed from useState and left the string empty

README.md, after:

# Worth a Trip

![Welcome to Worth a Trip](documentation/images/home.png)

Worth a trip is  a free social networking platform designed for travel lovers. Users can share lovely places worth a trip by posting photo, location and tips. 

The application consists of the React app and an API. 

Welcome to the React front end project section: 

- Link to deployed site: [Worth a Trip](https://worthatrip-7e9740dd013b.herokuapp.com/)
- Link to the repository: [Repository Frontend](https://github.com/luandretta/worth-a-trip-frontend)

Links to the Backend:
- [Repository Backend](https://github.com/luandretta/worth-a-trip-drf)
- [Live Backend](https://worthatrip-7e9740dd013b.herokuapp.com)

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/luandretta/worth-a-trip-drf?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/luandretta/worth-a-trip-drf?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/luandretta/worth-a-trip-drf?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/luandretta/worth-a-trip-drf?style=for-the-badge)


# User Experience

## Project Goals 

The goal of this project was to build a social media platform. It has been designed for its users to share their trips and discover exciting places worth a trip.

## Agile

The Agile Tool was used to help to organize and prioritize the tasks using Project Boards on GitHub.


## User Stories

| Category  | as| I want to | so that I can | UI components  | MoSCow |
| --------- | ------- | -------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------ | --------- |
| auth | user| register for an account | have a personal profile with a picture| SignUpForm<br>ProfilePage<br>ProfileEditForm | Must Have |
| auth | user | register for an account  | create, like and comment on posts | Post<br>PostPage<br>Comment | Must Have |
| auth | user    | register for an account | follow users | Profile<br>ProfilePage| Must Have |

# Design 

## Colour Scheme

## Typography

## Imagery

## Wireframes

# Features

## Pages

## Future implementations

## Accessibility

## Detailed page and component breakdown:

**Components map**

## Most reused components

# Deployment steps

# Tests

## Bugs

| N. | Issue | Action | Screenshots | Status | 
| ---- | ------- | ------ | ------ |  ------ |
| 01 | ------- | ------ | ------ |  ------ |
| 02 | Placeholder from Password input in the Sign In Form with a comma | Comma was removed from string| ------ | PASS |

# Libraries, contexts and hooks:

- React Bootstrap - ![React-bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap-v4.netlify.app/)

The most popular front-end framework, as one of the oldest React libraries, React-Bootstrap has evolved and grown alongside React, making it an excellent choice as the UI foundation. Each component is implemented with accessibility in mind. The result is a set of accessible-by-default components.

- React Router 
To control what the user sees depending on the URL they have accessed in the browser.

- Axios
To tell the React project to send requests to the API 



# Credits

## Code

## Acknowledgments



![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)
